Publications
============================

Published
""""""""""""""""

Behangana, M., Byaruhanga, A., Magala, R., Katumba, R., Kagurusi, A., Dendi, D., & Luiselli, L. (2023). An Analysis of the Herpetofauna Communities in Uganda's Last Moderately Altered, High-Altitude Wetlands. Wetlands, 43(7), 88.

Behangana, M., Ayebare, S., Magala, R., Lukwago, W., Ssekisambu, R. S., Alezuyo, C., ... & Hughes, D. (2023).  Establishing baseline data for herpetofauna in western Uganda, an East African biodiversity hotspot: Reptile and amphibian diversity in Uganda. Herpetology Notes, 16, 773-789.

Behangana, M., Magala, R., Katumba, R., Ochanda, D., Kigoolo, S., Mutebi, S., ... & Hughes, D. F. (2020). Ontogenetic habitat use and seasonal activity of Nile crocodiles (Crocodylus niloticus) in the Lake Albert delta, East Africa. Journal of Great Lakes Research, 46(6), 1776-1782.

Magala., R., J. Tyndall., L. S. Moore. Learning about ecosystem services using PEWI. Iowa State University, available at: https://dr.lib.iastate.edu/server/api/core/bitstreams/bc782ab4-17ee-465b-b789-fca225055caf/content.

Zimmerman, E., James, D., Jordahl, J., Magala, R., Schulte Moore, L., & Tyndall, J. (2002). Agricultural carbon planning. In Carbon science for carbon markets emerging opportunities in Iowa (Chapter 8, pp. 194-221). Iowa State University.

Thompson, M., Castellano, M., Crumpton, W., Cruse, R., Delate, K., Hall, S., Isenhart, T., Jordahl, J., Liebman, M., Magala, R., McDaniel, M., Miguez, F., Miller, B., Schulte Moore, L., Simpson, Z., & VanLoocke, A. (Year). Cropping systems and land management. In Carbon science for carbon markets emerging opportunities in Iowa (Chapter 4, pp. 79-109). Iowa State University.

Magala, R., Behangana, M., Katumba, R., Ochanda, D., Kigoolo, S., Mutebi, S., ... & Hughes, D. H. (2020). Herpetofaunal diversity and community structure in the Murchison Falls-Albert Delta Ramsar site, Uganda: Herpetofaunal diversity. European Journal of Ecology, 6(2).

In press
"""""""""""""""""
Magala, R. Miguez, F. Tyndall, J. Schulte, L. A. (2024) Modeling carbon dynamics in corn cropping systems: evaluation and application based on North America's longest-running cropping system experiment.
In preparation.

Magala, R. (2025) Analysis techniques for evaluating the conservation evidence generated by volunteer biological recording efforts?

In preparation
""""""""""""""""
ApsimNGpy: An Open-Source Python Library for Advanced APSIM Agroecosystem Simulations. Available at: https://pypi.org/project/apsimNGpy/

Mentions in the media
"""""""""""""""""""""""""
Point process analysis using spatstat package.

Cropping a raster by a mask or an Esri polygon shapefile.

Extracting climatic data from world clim website using preloaded coordinates from excel file (CSV).

Languages:
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++
English, Lusoga, Luganda, Kiswahili, and Runyakitara.
